README.md, before:

# assignment2-Harris

# Kevin Harris

### Soccer  
I like **soccer** because a few of my favorite characters from shows that I like enjoy it. **They kick** a ball around a field and I guess that's pretty cool. The playing field is technically bigger than a football field so it has that going for it.

---

## Favorite team

### Wolverhampton Wanderers
1. Daniel Pedro Castelo Podence
2. Joao Filipe Iria Santos Moutinho
3. Toti Antonio Gomes

* Arsenal
* AFC Bournemouth
* Aston Villa

![About Me Page](AboutMe.md)

---

# Places to visit
Here is a list of countries to visit

|Name   | Reason to visit | Days I would spend there|
|---| --- | --- |
|Japan  | Respectful Culture | 365 |
| France | Good food | 10 |
| Canada | Tim Hortons | 1 |
| Norway | Sounds nice | 30 |

-------

# Code Snippet and quote

Stack Overflow quote <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14675913/changing-image-size-in-markdown>
~~~
I just got started with Markdown. I love it, but there is one thing bugging me: How can I change the size of an image using Markdown?

The documentation only gives the following suggestion for an image:

![drawing](drawing.jpg)
If it is possible I would like the picture to also be centered. I am asking for general Markdown, not just how GitHub does it.
~~~

Checkerboard pattern SVG snippet. <https://css-tricks.com/snippets/svg/svg-patterns/>
```
<svg width="100%" height="100%">
    
  <!-- Let's define the pattern -->
  <!-- The width and height should be double the size of a single checker -->
  <pattern id="pattern-checkers" x="0" y="0" width="200" height="200" patternUnits="userSpaceOnUse">
    <!-- Two instances of the same checker, only positioned apart on the `x` and `y` axis -->
    <!-- We will define the `fill` in the CSS for flexible use -->
    <rect class="checker" x="0" width="100" height="100" y="0"></rect>
    <rect class="checker" x="100" width="100" height="100" y="100"></rect>
  </pattern>
  
  <!-- Define the shape that will contain our pattern as the fill -->
  <rect x="0" y="0" width="100%" height="100%" fill="url(#pattern-checkers)"></rect>
  
</svg>
```

Commit message:

Add funny quotes and update formatting

README.md, after:

# assignment2-Harris

# Kevin Harris

### Soccer  
I like **soccer** because a few of my favorite characters from shows that I like enjoy it. **They kick** a ball around a field and I guess that's pretty cool. The playing field is technically bigger than a football field so it has that going for it.

---

## Favorite team

### Wolverhampton Wanderers
1. Daniel Pedro Castelo Podence
2. Joao Filipe Iria Santos Moutinho
3. Toti Antonio Gomes

* Arsenal
* AFC Bournemouth
* Aston Villa

![About Me Page](AboutMe.md)

---

# Places to visit
Here is a list of countries to visit

|Name   | Reason to visit | Days I would spend there|
|---| --- | --- |
|Japan  | Respectful Culture | 365 |
| France | Good food | 10 |
| Canada | Tim Hortons | 1 |
| Norway | Sounds nice | 30 |

-------

---
# Quotes I like

*Elbert Hubbard*
>Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.

*Groucho Marx*
>I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.


# Code Snippet and quote

Stack Overflow quote <https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14675913/changing-image-size-in-markdown>

>I just got started with Markdown. I love it, but there is one thing bugging me: How can I change the size of an image using Markdown?
>
>The documentation only gives the following suggestion for an image:
>
>![drawing](drawing.jpg)
>If it is possible I would like the picture to also be centered. I am asking for general Markdown, not just how GitHub does it.

Checkerboard pattern SVG snippet. <https://css-tricks.com/snippets/svg/svg-patterns/>
```
<svg width="100%" height="100%">
    
  <!-- Let's define the pattern -->
  <!-- The width and height should be double the size of a single checker -->
  <pattern id="pattern-checkers" x="0" y="0" width="200" height="200" patternUnits="userSpaceOnUse">
    <!-- Two instances of the same checker, only positioned apart on the `x` and `y` axis -->
    <!-- We will define the `fill` in the CSS for flexible use -->
    <rect class="checker" x="0" width="100" height="100" y="0"></rect>
    <rect class="checker" x="100" width="100" height="100" y="100"></rect>
  </pattern>
  
  <!-- Define the shape that will contain our pattern as the fill -->
  <rect x="0" y="0" width="100%" height="100%" fill="url(#pattern-checkers)"></rect>
  
</svg>
```
